fix(learn): advanced-node-and-express username field (#47349)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/advanced-node-and-express/registration-of-new-users.md

> You should register route and display on home.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have a `/register` route and display a registration form on the home page.
```

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const url = new URL("/_api/server.js", getUserInput("url"));
  const res = await fetch(url);
  const data = await res.text();
  assert.match(
    data,
    /showRegistration:( |)true/gi,
    'You should be passing the variable showRegistration as true to your render function for the homepage'
  );
  assert.match(
    data,
    /register[^]*post[^]*findOne[^]*username:( |)req.body.username/gi,

>     'You should have a route accepted a post request on register that querys the db with findone and the query being username: req.body.username'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'You should have a route that accepts a POST request on /register that queries the db with findOne and the query being username: req.body.username'
```
